DOCS-2403, DOCS-2624, and DOCS-2622 Synthetics CI/CD Integrations Content Updates (#12360)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/troubleshooting/_index.md

> #### My website is not loading in the iframe

Reviewer: We should update headers in this docs as they use `My` `I`. Looks like this was never updated when we moved away from Q&A-style headings.

Author: Created DOCS-2974 to track this doc work!

> #### My website is not loading in the iframe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The website is not loading in the iframe
```

After downloading the [Datadog extension][4], you are unable to see your website in the iframe on the right side of your Browser test's recorder and the iframe displays `Your website does not support being loaded through an iframe.`. This could mean that your application has some settings preventing it from being opened in an iframe. If that is the case, try opening your website in a popup by clicking **Open in Popup** to record your journey.

> #### Some of my applications load in the iframe but some do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Some applications load in the iframe but some do not
```

This might mean your private location is unable to reach the endpoint your API test is set to run on. Confirm that the private location is installed in the same network as the endpoint you are willing to test. You can also try to run your test on different endpoints to see if you get the same `TIMEOUT` error or not.

{{< img src="synthetics/timeout.png" alt="API test on private location timing out" style="width:70%;" >}}

### I’m seeing `invalid mount config for type "bind": source path must be a directory` when attempting to run a private location

This occurs when you attempt to mount a single file in a Windows-based container, which is not supported. For more information, see the [Docker mount volume documentation][14]. Ensure that the source of the bind mount is a local directory.

## Synthetics and CI/CD

> ### CI Results Explorer

Author: ```suggestion
## CI Results Explorer
```

> #### I'm not seeing any CI metadata in my CI Results Explorer

Author: ```suggestion
### CI metadata does not appear in the CI Results Explorer
```
